docs/questions/tournaments.md, before:

# Tournament Questions

## How do tournaments work?

1. The first thing you need to do is make sure that you’ve created an account and downloaded one of our games to compete in.
2. Then launch our tournament mode within the game and find a live tournament to compete in.
3. Select which tier you want to compete in. If you are competing in a paid tier, then make sure you have funds in your account. If you do not, then it is easy to add a CC to deposit funds into your account from within our app.
4. Finally, hit the “Play Now” button to begin your attempt and take your first step towards winning some money!

## Where can I see the games that you offer tournaments in?

We have several mobile games that are available for you to download and play right now. Just head on over to our [games section](https://www.jackpotrising.com/games) and pick a game out.

## Where can I find an arcade running tournaments?

We will have a list of tournament arcade locations on [PlayerHQ](https://playerhq.jackpotrising.com) soon. Until then, follow us on social media to see where you can come and compete!

## What are tournament tiers?

We created tournament tiers to allow everyone the opportunity to compete at a level they are comfortable with. Tiers can be used to segment tournament gameplay by difficulty, attempt fee, payout, and more. 

## Why am I "locked in" to a tier?

Some tiers will require you to be "locked in" to that tier for the remainder of the tournament. This means that you will not be able to play in any of the other competing tiers for that tournament. We do this to ensure that one person does not take first in all of the tournaments, or to make sure that people do not try to drop down a tier and take first at the last moment. 

## How do I know if I have won a tournament?

When a tournament ends we will send out an email to all of the winners to let them know they have won.

> If you enable push notifications, then you will also receive a notification when you win!

## When do you run tournaments?

Constantly! We do our best to make sure there is always action on the platform, whether it is our tournament or one of our partners. 

## What platforms do you run tournaments on?

We currently offer tournaments on iOS, Android, Xbox, PlayStation, PC, and Arcade. 

*More platforms coming soon!*

## What happens if I lose connection while making an attempt, or if I get an error?

We understand that bad things happen to good people. If you run into an issue while making an attempt, then please contact us through our live chat or email us at Support@JackpotRising.com.

> We do require that all users to have a stable internet connection in order to compete in tournaments.

## What types of tournaments do you offer?

#### We offer a wide variety of tournaments:
**Entry Method**
- Free-to-play
- Attempt Fee
- Entry Fee

**Jackpots**
- Progressive Cash Jackpots
- Fixed Cash Jackpots
- Prize Jackpots
- Digital Goods Jackpots

Commit message:

Added pc section and modified some existing FAQs

docs/questions/tournaments.md, after:

# Tournament Questions

## How do I compete in PC tournaments?

Please see our [PC App FAQ section](https://support.jackpotrising.com/#/questions/pc)

## How do mobile tournaments work?

1. The first thing you need to do is make sure that you’ve created an account and downloaded one of our games to compete in.
2. Then launch our tournament mode within the game and find a live tournament to compete in.
3. Select which tier you want to compete in. If you are competing in a paid tier, then make sure you have funds in your account. If you do not, then it is easy to add a CC to deposit funds into your account from within our app.
4. Finally, hit the “Play Now” button to begin your attempt and take your first step towards winning some money!

## Where can I see the games that you offer tournaments in?

We have several mobile games that are available for you to download and play right now. Just head on over to our [games section](https://www.jackpotrising.com/games) and pick a game out.
<!-- 
## Where can I find an arcade running tournaments?

We will have a list of tournament arcade locations on [PlayerHQ](https://playerhq.jackpotrising.com) soon. Until then, follow us on social media to see where you can come and compete! -->

## What are tournament tiers?

We created tournament tiers to allow everyone the opportunity to compete at a level they are comfortable with. Tiers can be used to segment tournament gameplay by difficulty, attempt fee, payout, and more. 

## What is an entry and what is an attempt?

An **entry** enters you into the tournament and allows you to compete in said tournament. Once you have entered into the tournament, you can make as many **attempts** as the entry quota allows. Some tournaments are attempt based, which means that instead of entering the tournament you make one attempt each time.

## What are tournament parameters and what do they mean?

We have many ways to customize tournaments through the parameters that we set. Below are a few of our frequently used parameters and what they mean:

# Need to grab the different parameters in groups for this 

## Why am I "locked in" to a tier?

Some tiers will require you to be "locked in" to that tier for the remainder of the tournament. This means that you will not be able to play in any of the other competing tiers for that tournament. We do this to ensure that one person does not take first in all of the tournaments, or to make sure that people do not try to drop down a tier and take first at the last moment. 

## How do I know if I have won a tournament?

When a tournament ends we will send out an email to all of the winners to let them know they have won.

> If you enable push notifications, then you will also receive a notification when you win!

## When do you run tournaments?

Constantly! We do our best to make sure there is always action on the platform, whether it is our tournament or one of our partners. 

## What platforms do you run tournaments on?

We currently offer tournaments on iOS, Android, Xbox, PlayStation, PC, and Arcade. 

*More platforms coming soon!*

## What happens if I lose connection while making an attempt, or if I get an error?

We understand that bad things happen to good people. If you run into an issue while making an attempt, then please contact us through our [discord channel](https://discord.gg/XEj8SFp) or email us at Support@JackpotRising.com.

> We do require that all users to have a stable internet connection in order to compete in tournaments.

## What types of tournaments do you offer?

#### We offer a wide variety of tournaments:
**Entry Method**
- Free-to-play
- Attempt Fee
- Entry Fee

**Jackpots**
- Progressive Cash Jackpots
- Fixed Cash Jackpots
- Prize Jackpots
- Digital Goods Jackpots
